We internationally known and locally respected.
Im vibin' with someone daughter, they lie like they was supportin'
They snitchin' like 'Law and Order'
Im wishin' my niggas ballin' From distance like Kemba Walker
Im ridin' regardless Im fly as a saucer
I lie to your honor Shit I'm lying your honor
Figured out how to bring all them figures an look now on the FaceTime with Timbaland
Yeah we good, ain't no pressure, same old effort
We fly nigga change yo feather, ain't gon' let up, the game so extra, but they know better Brand new whips, brand new seats, suede or leather
Aye young fella, play young fella, it's yo day young fella We under the same umbrella, It ain't gonna rain forever
They gon' know my name forever We can't stay the same forever Stay rich with my gang forever Some of us gon' be lame forever 
I These niggas be hatin', I be booing I Hop in the plane like a Uber I play the game while you losin' on the Yacht on the way and we cruisin'
High Life....
Nobody pray for me It's been that day for me
Ayy, I remember syrup sandwiches and crime allowances Finesse a nigga with some counterfeits, but now I’m countin' this
Parmesan where my accountant lives; in fact, I'm downin’ this D'USSÉ with my boo bae tastes like Kool-Aid for the analysts
Girl, I can buy yo' ass the world with my paystub
Pull up on your block, then break it down: we playin' Tetris
I came in with my boys, left with your bitch, oh boy
Girl, I can buy yo' ass the world with my paystub Ooh, that pussy good, won't you sit it on my taste bloods?
I get way too petty once you let me do the extras
Yeah we good, ain't no pressure, same old effort
Yeah, miss me with all that noise That bullshit no I ain't for it (You know) It's calm, it's calm, we good, it's calm
I'm up in the morning Done with the yawning I give a fuck if you tourin' If that shit ain't come with a tour bus, yeah
I give a fuck if you tourin' If that shit ain't come with a tour bus, yeah
And fuck all the warnings We coughin, no worry We got the juice Juice don't know who cup imma pour it in
There is no point of running away form a sniper. You will die from exhaustion.
Sometimes even when you brake you can’t stop.
It is not bad if you got stood up, it is worse if you liked it.
I love to travel. It’s a way of meeting new people, opening the gates of new cities. Signed by Genghis Khan.
Everyone has a conscience: it doesn’t matter if he wants it or not.
It seemed like we were screwed. It appeared it didn’t seem like that.
A badge on the 150 kilo man: I’m tired of living; ask me if I want to lose weight.
After another crisis it is getting obvious why the spoon is used according to the design. However, we use it as a musical instrument.
Carlson is not that scary, only his propeller is.
According to the principle of the sandwich, if you put butter on both sides the sandwich will hang in the air.
The longer you sleep – the more sleep you need. The more you eat – the bigger is your appetite.
They look so much alike, like two drops from the same end.
If the answer to all questions is yes, so why not?
There is a lot of conscience in me, but there’s a lack of time.
‘Who the hell allowed me to be born in this stupid head?’ a Thought said and killed herself…
Not all the things are that bad, as everything that is wrong so bad.
Concerning the absence of toilet paper, there should be complaint books laid out at publicly used places.
The eyes are afraid of. And they do well.
If a person loses his head, why does it matter how many brains did he have?
It’s better to give birth once than to complain every day.
From two vices I always choose the one I haven’t tried yet.
There are lots of good people, but much less of useful ones.
There’s good climate in heaven, but a better company in hell.
What is Napoleon’s legacy? The cake, the cognac and psychos.
There is no point of running away form a sniper. You will die from exhaustion.
Sometimes even when you brake you can’t stop.
It is not bad if you got stood up, it is worse if you liked it.
I love to travel. It’s a way of meeting new people, opening the gates of new cities. Signed by Genghis Khan.
Everyone has a conscience: it doesn’t matter if he wants it or not.
It seemed like we were screwed. It appeared it didn’t seem like that.
A badge on the 150 kilo man: I’m tired of living; ask me if I want to lose weight.
After another crisis it is getting obvious why the spoon is used according to the design. However, we use it as a musical instrument.
Carlson is not that scary, only his propeller is.
According to the principle of the sandwich, if you put butter on both sides the sandwich will hang in the air.
The longer you sleep – the more sleep you need. The more you eat – the bigger is your appetite.
They look so much alike, like two drops from the same end.
If the answer to all questions is yes, so why not?
There is a lot of conscience in me, but there’s a lack of time.
‘Who the hell allowed me to be born in this stupid head?’ a Thought said and killed herself…
Not all the things are that bad, as everything that is wrong so bad.
Concerning the absence of toilet paper, there should be complaint books laid out at publicly used places.
The eyes are afraid of. And they do well.
If a person loses his head, why does it matter how many brains did he have?
It’s better to give birth once than to complain every day.
From two vices I always choose the one I haven’t tried yet.
There are lots of good people, but much less of useful ones.
There’s good climate in heaven, but a better company in hell.
What is Napoleon’s legacy? The cake, the cognac and psychos.
You were born yourself, now help the others.
So there would be something to be silent about, there is always something to talk about.
A trolley infected with a controller is like a rotten apple: not that bad from the outside, but used only in extreme cases.
Winged phrases are passed from mouth to mouth, and that way they multiply.
Color blind are lucky people! They don’t notice the greyness of the daily routine.
If you see green, it doesn’t mean the spring has come.
The row saw me and happily waged the tail.
During a hiking trip: these are not legs anymore, but a means of transportation.
Cleavage – is an art of being naked so that you’re still dressed up.
Summer, please go slower.
A bright mind is a necessity while shopping.
If you didn’t hear it with your own ears, didn’t see with your own eyes, then don’t think nonsense with your little brain and don’t talk with your big mouth.
Why are the camera lens circular and the photos rectangular?
UNIX – you can keep to yourself, DOS – you can share with your friend, Windows – you can give to your enemy.
Hiroshima 45 Chernobyl 86 Windows 8
Computer does what you command him to do but not what you want from him.
Daddy, daddy! What does ‘Format C: complete’ means?
Do you know how the computer won against Kasparov? Very easy – he made a check and froze.
Windows 8 install program: computer not detected.
Do you know that every time you push a key on your computer, you kill more than a thousand microbes?
People can be divided into two categories: the first category doesn’t know who Bill Gates is; the second one doesn’t love him.
The more I get to know people, the more I start loving computers.
Do you want to change your life completely? Don’t pay for the Internet.
Programmers dream – Active XXX.
Not everything is Windows that hangs…
To be wrong is human, to blame your computer – is even more human.
Be careful with your keyboard. It’s the organ of communication with the outside world.
Soon, Windows pack will contain a tube of Colgate toothpaste.
Spelling mistakes are never visible before you push ‘send’.
When creating a system which even a stupid person can use. Only he will use it.
At first it was a bit, later a byte and only then it became a word.
We will create the artificial intelligence, naturally when the real one will appear.
It’s interesting how much half-liter is a megabit.
Who the hell is ‘General Failure’ and why is he reading my hard drive?
They’re giving 8 bits for one byte!
Facebook is a social networking, not a diary
‘A pedigree bulldog missing. Founders – rest in peace.’
Careful! Angry dog in the backyard! Please do not crush him.
If you take a homeless dog and feed him, he won’t bite you. It’s a basic principle between a dog and a human. Mark Twain.
Nowadays, most of the children dream about an IPhone, when I was a child – I wanted a dog.
How would you call a person sleeping with an animal? Childhood.
Don’t feed the animals at the zoo! You should better feed the security guard!
‘Do you know if pigs have periods?’ ‘Are you kidding me? What idiot would keep a pig until she’s 14?’
A cat is a furry entertaining object with character.
Scientists proved that cows don’t give us meat and milk. We just take it from them!
There are no limits to my perfection – a monkey was thinking while looking at a human.
A rhino has bad eyesight, but with his weight it’s not a problem.
I’m just like Garfield – no food, no happiness.
Garfield: love me, feed me, and never leave me.
The average dog is a nicer person than the average person.
In the beginning, God created man, but seeing him so feeble, He gave him the cat.
If a dog will not come to you after having looked you in the face, you should go home and examine your conscience.
Women and cats will do as they want, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.
The first pessimist congress took place in Moscow. It was decided to never meet again.
Why when you speak to God it’s called a prayer and when God talks to you – a schizophrenia.
Sclerosis is a good illness: there is no pain and you learn something new every day.
A well captured patient doesn’t need anesthetics.
Shut up – your dental filling will fall out.
All diseases are from stress, only syphilis from pleasure.
Eternal memory for people with sclerosis!
Depression is anger without enthusiasm.
I think I might be allergic to chocolate. When I eat too much of it my ass and my thighs get swollen.
When arresting the rapist at the crime scene, the crime weapon was not found.
‘I’ve saved a girl from a rapist yesterday.’ ‘How?’ ‘I’ve persuaded her.’
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say or do may be paraphrased and used against you in a court of law.
An exactly thrown cigarette butt can be the cause of a fire!
Darling, don’t go walking around so late, you’ll get raped and won’t even notice!
The best alibi is being the victim.
I don’t drink, don’t smoke, and don’t hang out with guys. I go to bed at 10 p.m. and wake up at 6 a.m. But everything will change when I get out of prison.
Call me when you stop being a vegan.
Many of your Facebook friends could be friends for someone who has no friends.
I only wanted to thank in advance for the lovely letter and flowers that I’m going to send to myself and pretend they are from you.
When I said I’d always be there for you I didn’t realize you were so damn needy.
I wish we worked together so that we could hate the same people.
Everyone has a friend, who is a plant-killer.
If Jesus loves you it doesn’t mean that everyone else don’t think you’re an asshole.
I feel sorry for myself having to hear that you feel sorry for yourself.
Your opinion is important as long as you don’t offer it.
Why do you always disappoint me in advance?
If you have a good fat friend, you should tell him about the thing called gym.
Feel free to call me in case of an emergency provided that you tried calling everybody else
I love gossiping with you as I know this is the only time when you are not gossiping about me.
Your friend will go an extra mile for you, provided that there is no actual walking..
You are doing a great job in knowing exactly what compliment I’m fishing for.
I could not expect an online friend to be any better.
I will keep calling, texting, emailing and Facebook messaging you until I’ll make you believe that I’m normal.
Only a member of the opposite sex could get in the way of your so valued close relationship.
We have been friends for so many years that I already don’t remember why we are friends at all.
There’s something extremely unimportant that I have to tell you ASAP.
I’m concerned about you being so happy the last days.
I’m sure we will stay friends for all our lives as we are too lazy to find new friends.
If my financial situation will ever force me to find a roommate, do know that you’re my preferred choice among the least annoying candidates.
Let’s talk again soon as I’m starting to miss you listening to my problems.
You’re getting to good in soccer to be my friend.
Thanks for getting drunk enough not to interrupt me while I’m talking to you about my problems.
I only argue with you about something I don’t care
“If I knew you where coming over – I would have gone out“, – thought no best friend ever.
Everybody has a friend in their circle who comes to the party with one bottle of beer, but drinks 8 of them.
His girlfriend wanted serious relationship and her boyfriend agreed. Seriously, there have been only a few moments to smile since then.
Don’t want to upset you, but life would be the same without you.
There’s still enough time to forget to buy a gift for my best friend.
Let’s not ruin our great se with friendship.
The best friend is the one who points out only your strengths.
True friend will always be there for you as long as he wants it.
Your real friends will keep your secrets safe as they are too boring to share with anyone.
Your best friend will never like your Facebook post. He/she will WOW it.
A true friends would never post on Facebook a selfie in which you don’t look good.
I love it that no matter that it’s been so long since we talked we don’t have to talk yet.
If anything happens you will be the first, second or forth to know it.
As your thunder buddy I promise not to date you beautiful and hot wife after you ruin your marriage.
All of your friends might know when you are moving to another location, but only the best ones would answer your call around those days.
Being your best friend I should probably tell you that you actually aren’t my best friend.
You are my best friend, because actually you are the only friend I have.
Best friends love hating the same things.
Your best friend would always tell you when you’re a dick.
True friends tolerate you being an asshole.
You could be my best friend if you changed your horrible taste in sports teams.
I will always be your best friend, unless your girlfriend will show any interest in me.You best friend is the one who gives a shit about your shit.
Best friends never get tired of making jokes about each other.
You are the only person I don’t mind sharing my coke bottle with.
Best friends keeps your secret longer – at least for one hour.
Next time you come to our town make sure to call me in advance so that I planned to be too busy to see you during your visit.
You are the one I would go hunting for men because you’re I’m much prettier than you.
I promise to do a better job in hiding from you how much I hate you.
Your best friend in life will the one who already knows too much about you.
I’d love that you took time from your intense work-schedule and called me to find out that I’m too busy to talk.
Thank you for always pretending that you are listening to my problems before I pretend to be listening to yours.
The only reason why I didn’t apologize you was because I was waiting for you to forget that I owe you an apology.
There are many friends whose life you’d flag as inappropriate, of only you could.
I think you are the cutest girl in this party – did you invite such friends on purpose?
I appreciate you took my advice after someone else gave it to you.
As being the expert in easily ruining my own relationships, please let me give you some advice on yours.
I would prefer to establish new friendships rather than mover ours.
Nothing brings too people more closer than hating the third one.
Oooops, I’ms sorry, I didin’t know how to describe you without insulting words.
Let’s hang out together as soon as I feel it won’t be a waste of my time.
I think you are a great couple unless you decide to split up which I would kind of support as I think it would be the best move.
I’ happy that we both have a sense of humor and understand that I’m a little bit funnier than you.
Facebook is not the best platform to say your friend you’re sorry – Paypal is.
If anything important happens in my life, you will be the first to know it after Facebook.
I remember to wish my friends ‘happy birthday’ only after seeing dozens of wishes of others on Facebook.
If you have a secret, the safest way to keep it is on Facebook.
If your friends start getting kids on purpose, you must be getting old.
Sometimes you may be the reason why nobody likes you.
I liked you much more if I didn’t follow your Facebook and Twitter updates.
Hi, darling, I just called to see if your updated Facebook status was about me.
People keep their ex’s on friends list on Facebook only to tease them how much fun they have without them.
Your reluctance to put me among your LinkedIn friends makes me question our Facebook friendship.
I will buy you a Facebook share for each status update that you do not post.
I’m excited to hear about the Facebook phone which will reinvent the way I don’t communicate with people.
Don’t fall in love with Donald Trump – he loves China.
I wonder whether people, who plan their unrealistic weddings on Pinterest will also plan their realistic divorces on Pinterest as well.
The highlight of our friendship was you stopping liking my posts.
It is always good to have some boring nights so that we valued the interesting ones more. And then I decided – let’s hang out tonight.
Your Tinder profile looks like you’re a rapist.
I’m sorry to tell you but I have already seen the link that you’ve shared 4 years ago.
Your continuous support and praise of Donald Trump made me unfriend you on Facebook.
Your friend becoming your enemy is only one status post away.
I can always guess what you are thinking about as you always tell me what you are thinking about.
I promise I will never scroll past 2012 on your Facebook timeline.
You shouldn’t worry what people think about you – most probably they do not think about you. Actually they think about what the others are thinking about them..
I’m totally fine with babysitting your kids as long as you remain in the room.
I’m sorry I could not describe you without non-insulting words.
I wish you called me by my porn name.
Whenever we talk, you actually make me want you to be a better person.
I just love working next to you in complete silence.
When we talk I start to wish your paid me like to your psychiatrist.
I’m willing to catch-up with you just because I might need something from you the next day.
The worse your colleague is working, the better friend he tries to become.
I have a suggestion – let’s be the skipping-the-gym buddies.
I’m here for you only because there’s little going on in my own life.
I enjoy being your gym buddy only because I’m in a better shape than you are.
I’d prefer to see you masturbating rather than taking one more selfie.
Whenever you need someone to talk to, you can always call my answer machine.
I have a talent to make my friends’ day better by not showing up.
I’d like to mark you as spam in real life.
Call me, when you need to be impregnated
If there’s anything I could help you with, don’t hesitate to forget it.
My voicemail will always be there for you.
You shouldn’t stop believing in yourself only because I have.
Let’s stay out of touch more often.
Let’s agree to always disagree.
I will always be ready to listen to your problems in order to avoid my own.
You are the best in deflecting my compliments.
What would you say about hanging out offline?
I’m looking forward to your visits being over.